c4rafizs I accept these guidelines and intend to fulfill them.
c5singha I accept these guidelines and intend to fulfill them.
c4limamb I accept these guidelines and intend to fulfill them.
g5ccanni I accept these guidelines and intend to fulfill them.

Methods of Communication:

    All team members must post their phone number in the agreements.txt file
    Sooham Rafiz: 647-836-6256
    Angad Singh:647-801-0974
    Christopher Cannis:778-999-7771
    Badis Limam: 647-822-2559

    All communication is carried out through the Slack messenger application
    and over phone if necessary. All document work is to be done through
    Google Drive. All code is to be posted into the group svn repository.

Communication Response Times:

    The expected response time for EVERY member will be between 12 to 16 hours
    from when the message was sent. Every member is expected to use Slack.

Meeting Attendance:

    Our first planning meeting for the project will be on thursday 12th of November
    4:30 - 5:30 pm  (for phase 1).
    Our second planning meeting will be midway of every project phase.
    During every planning meeting we will recap on the state of the project and allocate
    tasks to team members.

    There will be a weekly status meeting held every Monday 6 - 8 pm. All team members
    are expected to show up to these meeting and discuss what tasks they have
    accomplished, technical hurdles etc.

    Team member Sooham Rafiz will be responsible for recording all meetings in
    meetings.txt and shall update the file on the day of the meeting.

    If a member does not meet deadlines and misses meetings without any provided reason
    (illness, death in family, exam etc.), then the Instructors of CSC207 will be
    notified about their lack of communication.

    Further updates shall be posted in this section.

Running Meetings:

    All meetings will be held at BA3200, there is no specific time allotted to each team
    member.

Meeting Preparation:

    Members should have all previous required tasks allocated to them (on Slack, in meeting)
    completed before every meeting, otherwise, they should promptly report any problems to
    other team members to acquire help.

Version Control:
    ALL members must svn update before ANY commits.

    Only the source files of every eclipse project should be committed to the group
    svn repository (i.e every .java file under a src directory). All code committed should
    compile without throwing any runtime errors (A half done class with a syntax error
    is not allowed, but an incomplete class without any syntax errors and fake returns
    is fine to commit).

    If a merge conflict occurs, the conflictors must meet up and discuss how to work out
    the conflict unless trivial (i.e fixes a bug).

    All internal eclipse files like bin, .project etc. are not allowed.

Division of Work:

    Work will be divided evenly between all group members. Decisions on which
    member will be made during group meetings.


Submitting Assignments:

    All code must have good comments, javadocs with the correct parameters and return types.
    In addition any commits must have short, meaningful messages in order to distinguish between
    repository versions. Files should be submitted any time during the day and should be checked
    by all members. Furthermore all members will be submitting their respective portions to the
    repository (ie. classes, methods).

    All code must conform to the CRC diagram made at the beginning of Phase 2 and any UML made by the team.


Contingency Planning:

    At least one member will report to the professor if a team member drops / misses two meetings in a row.
    This will be done either by email or in person within 24 hours of when it was known.

    If a group member is academically dishonest, the incident will be reported to the professor and their
    plagiarized work will be removed and redone by remaining team members. Necessary actions will be take
    to ensure all liability for the plagiarism will be held with the plagiariser (limited liability for other team members).
    This includes repercussions like getting zero in CSC207, project phase etc.

    All team members will hold a emergency meeting.

